# The Je'kor Mercenary Syndicate

### **simplyscribed** (2009-10-22 18:53:00)

<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate</span>
The Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate are a peculiar case. Not only are they an organisation, but also a species as well as a legitimate government. Once enslaved and forced to fight the wars of their masters, the [Je’kor](http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43184#p43184 "http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43184#p43184") species eventually rose up and destroyed their dominators. After reclaiming their homeworld they rebuilt a society modelled on their military existence and developed a world industry almost solely based on their work as mercenaries for the highest bidders.
**Type:** The governance of J’ko is quite possibly unique, and certainly has many peculiarities that make it difficult to define. It is somewhere between a military dictatorship and a corporatocracy with a little bit of authoritarianism in the mix. J’ko is ruled by its military, but almost all of its citizens are *de facto* part of its military, thereby making it possible that any of them could be promoted to a position of power based on their merit. Despite the heavy-handed control of the government, Je’kor are typically quite content with the arrangement as they see themselves as part of a positive system. As for those rare Je’kor that want no part in the mercenary syndicate, there is a social stigma against them but no actual legislation or enforcement preventing their decision. In any case, as long as a citizen assists in the smooth running of society, whether it is through farming, a trade, or anything else, the government sees no reason to persecute them.
**Executive:** The executive of the Syndicate is known as the Marshal, though in practice he or she is part of a committee which also includes four Generals. The Marshal is powered with undisputed dictatorship only if the entirety of J’ko goes to war. At all other times, the Marshal and Generals together share the tasks of managing and commanding the mercenary forces under their control, and the Marshal’s main executive power is that of veto in committee disputes.
The current Marshal is Litt’veyashi, who has been in the position for the last decade. He has done a commendable job of maintaining the Je’kor’s reputation throughout the Galaxy, and is generally well-liked by his people.
**Legislative:** Legislation is made and enforced by the committee, though in peaceful times it is usually allowed to filter down through law-minded subordinates before being put into practice. Mostly, the laws of J’ko do not differ substantially from those in force on other planets. Where Syndicate law differs, however, is the fact that civil legislation and military law are not seen as separate. Thankfully all citizens are permitted regular “off-duty” times while on J’ko, so they need not spend their *entire* lives treading on the egg shells of military procedure.
**Size:** Tiny (1).
**Wealth:** Average. Even considering the enormous drain their constant battle ready state is on the government’s coffers, the Je’kor are self-sufficient thanks to incoming profits. What the world cannot provide for itself it can afford to import.
**Allies/Enemies:** It is not an easy task to define the allies and enemies of the Je’kor Syndicate. Throughout its history it has worked both for and against almost all the major governments in the Galaxy. The possibility of individual grudges aside, the Je’kor are tolerated even by those they have wronged since their services are useful and could continue to be in the future. If the Syndicate has a true enemy it is probably the Ysanna—where the Ysanna desire to keep the peace, the Je’kor thrive when peace fails. The Ysanna would no doubt argue that their very existence makes such failure a greater possibility.
**The Force:** The Je’kor do not have any known Force-sensitive representatives. It may simply be that the Je’kor are too invested in their mercenary path to even realise the potential that may be inside. If an individual Je’kor were to learn the ways of the Force they would be considered a great asset, and would no doubt rise far within the Syndicate.
**Law Enforcement:** 8 (domestic cases)/10 (grave crimes against fellow J'ko/crimes against the Syndicate). Though civil legislation and military law are integrated in J'ko, a distinction is made between what might be called domestic crimes and greater crimes against fellow J'ko or the Syndicate. All cases are dealt with swiftly by a tribunal, but if the case happened while the guilty party was considered on-duty or is of significan gravity (such as assault or murder) the punishment is of greater severity.
**Military:** Nearly all factions have some military presence, but the strength of the military varies greatly. This section details the military from their strengths to their weaknesses. It also details how often they get involved in foreign affairs, how aggressive they are, ranking systems and hierarchy, and how much they interfere in the daily life of those living in their faction.
**Starship Construction:** Though the Je’kor primarily hire out as ground Forces, their mercenary business often involves far more than simply an on-planet engagement. There is the fact that their world needs protection, too. For these reasons, the Syndicate maintains a sizable fleet and a small shipyard. A majority of the ships currently in use by the Syndicate were purchased from other manufacturers, with the local shipyard supplementing the fleet with such craft as gunboats, fighters, landing craft and drop pods. Though not all of their craft are fitted with a hyperdrive, the Syndicate prefers that its ships be fully hyperspace-capable so they can travel more easily to where they are needed.
**Hypergate Access:** Singular. The Syndicate possesses and needs only one world, J’ko.
**Holonet Access/Strength:** Provided they have access to receiving equipment, any citizen of J’ko is entitled to access public HoloNet channels from throughout the Galaxy without restriction, though the world’s internal policing agencies do monitor such feeds for potentially inflammatory content. Off-worlders are simply denied all access.
J’ko runs its own private military channel with multiple feeds each possessing separate access controls dependant on factors such as rank and clearance. The channel’s security is formidable even at the lowest clearance levels, possessing an effective Intelligence of 26. Higher clearance feeds are protected by substantially more sophisticated firewalls and encryptions.
**Technology Level:** Technology on J’ko is on par with that used throughout the Galaxy. They are known primarily for the unique weapons fielded by their mercenaries—[“shredder” guns and claw-like weapons known as electrotalons](http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43187#p43187 "http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43187#p43187"). Both of those technologies were given to the Je’kor by the Telimos who once enslaved them, but have been claimed and adapted to suit the modern needs of the Syndicate. The electrotalons, for example, have evolved so that a Je’kor mercenary need not necessarily fear going into battle against a lightsaber.
**History:** The Je’kor are a species who in the past were subjugated and enslaved by another species, the Telimos. Such was the character of the Telimos that they naturally wished to subjugate more worlds and expand their holdings in the Galaxy, and toward that end they sent the previously peaceful Je’kor to war.
As the Je’kor battled enemy after enemy for their ungrateful and cruel masters, suffering as a species through tragedies and terrible experiences most could not begin to imagine, they became changed. Hardened into cool and efficient killers, bereft of their previous calm and quietude, the Je’kor eventually developed what could ironically have saved them from their fate if they had only possessed it before—a killer’s instinct and an indomitable will.
There is now an asteroid field where the Telimos homeworld used to be. If any of that species still exist in the Galaxy then they are scattered and well hidden, no doubt still fearing the wrath of the species they once dominated.
The Je’kor, on the other hand, grew into a position of some power in the Galaxy by embracing their new talents. Battle lives now in the very soul of the Je’kor, and the entire species exists as a mega- mercenary company. Even those not directly involved as combatants grease the wheels of the Je’kor war machine, and even schooling on their home planet focuses more on combat excellence than it does on academic merit.
The entire Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate or smaller portions thereof are available at all times to the highest bidders. Their skill as warriors and their bloodthirsty reputations are so legendary that they can command nearly any price. The home world benefits hugely from the profits brought in from mercenary work, and though it is an otherwise inconsequential world in the outer rim J’ko is in fact one of the best-rated worlds in the entire Galaxy for standards of living. That is once life expectancy is removed from the equation of course—the dominant industry of the planet creates an understandable skew in that particular statistic.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:24 EDT*</span>