# Tizan

### **Anonymous** (2008-11-20 02:04:41)

well, this planet's somewhat incomplete, as I'm running low on ideas
**Tizan**
**Region**: Core
**Climate**: arid (temperate in cities)
**Gravity**: Standard
**Moons**: 1
**Length of Day**: 24 hours
**Length of Year**: 365 standard days
**Sapient Species**: 65% Zabrak (native), 15% Human, 20% other
**Government**: Republic
**Capital**: Marza
**Major Exports**: none
**Major Imports**: food, medicine
**Knowledge (Galactic Lore)
DC Result**
15 Tizan is one of the oldest planets in the galactic stage.
20 Tizan is the capital of the Zabrak Republic, which joined the Zarell Coalition during the Great War.
25 Tizan was one of the few worlds not hit by the Great War
**Knowledge (social sciences)
DC Result**
15 Tizan is a large culture center of the galaxy.
20 The Zabrak people are known for their determination, and their whole culture is based around this.
25 Many businesses and corporations set up headquarters here, as it is a heavily populated city, with high level technology.
Tizan is the homeworld of the Zabraks. It has long been famous for producing Zabraks with a “change the galaxy” attitude, with a few of them succeeding at such a goal. One of the first planets to discover hyperdrive technology, Zabraks quickly spread through the galaxy. Thanks to this, Tizan has become a very popular planet, and many businesses have put headquarters on the planet. Even a few military training centers have been created on the planet, most of them created after the Great War. Tizan, while predominately Zabrak, has many other species living on the planet.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:16 EDT*</span>