# Hoops

### **Anodyzed** (2013-01-31 21:32:59)

I might get some flak for posting such a heretical subject, but I've been burned TWICE on this site, and that's two out of two games I got into. And I say 'burned' because I acceded to the demands of both GMs, jumped through the hoops, was ACCEPTED into both games, and neither was a game in which the GM stuck around!
SO here's my question. Why do online GMs seem to make their prospective players jump through so many hoops in the character concept and creation topic before they even get to BUILDING the darn character? Seems tedious to me, and since TWO of the games I've endured this chaff to get into have fallen aside, it irritates me to no small extent that I had to go through all that GM tweaking, only to have it all for nought.
Is it vetting to eliminate players who won't stick around?
Is it the GM trying to form a party that fits his own vision of what the party should be?
I really don't get it.
And in hindsight, I don't really appreciate it.

---

### **DarthAnthrax** (2013-02-02 07:18:16)

While I can only speak for myself, I can share some of my thoughts on the subject. First, I just want to point out that I (and I think many other GMs where this has happened) never meant to just vanish without a trace. I won´t go more into detail about that, since I think I´ve covered that in my game forum already, but suffice to say that when this happends I want to think that it was never a plan from the beginning.
Second, I want to say that I think what you´re experiencing is a bit subjective. From my experiences on this site, I know that there are people who focuses almost their entire character creation on the background and roleplay elements of their characters, and who doesn´t really care if they make an error or two when they draw up the stat block. There are people who are going into great detail to get their stats right, who produce very little in terms of background and other elements. There are those who go heavy/light on both. All are of course valid, but depending on who you are, I imagine you feel the "GM tweaking" more or less.
For example, when I cast for a game, my main priority is that characters follows the character creation rules I´ve set forth. This is to make sure that everyone follows the same rules, and have the same basis for their characters. Hence why I am so thorough with checking through peoples sheets. Also, if I make sure everything is correct form the start, there will be no (or at least less) confusion or errors later on. I generally let people play whatever they want to play, unless I´ve specified certain restrictions for a campaign (I ran a game for stormtroopers for example). I tend not to comment on peoples backgrounds, as I know that it varies a lot between people how much they want/can write there, and I usually only comment if there´s something that clashes with existing or campaign-specific canon.
Now, if you re the type of person who put a great deal of time and attention into your character sheet, I imagine you don´t feel that much problem at all with me chacking through your sheet, since you yourself obviously already feel that it is quite important. On the other hand, if you are one of those who focuses more on the RP elements, you might care less about your sheet being 100% accurate, and if so you probably feel more annoyance evey time I tell you to fix something on your sheet.
In response to your last two questions, I say no on the first. I don´t do it for that reason, because I feel that people who aren´t going to hang around usually drops away if you have a casting call open for a few week alone. On the second I also say no, I always urge people to play whatever they feel like.
These are some of my thoughts on the subject, hopefully it helps a little.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:36:06 EDT*</span>