# [Growing Shadows] Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2011-10-31 16:37:14)

It's been nearly a day since Yuri, Galen, Tanith, Tendau and Elan went bravely into the vast wilderness of Nyriaan, guided by the young yet clearly experienced Nyriaanan native Finvarra. Traveling through near pitch black conditions, the only light is generated by the same moss growing in the city which is more prevalent in the wild forest of Meadlin’s trees - massive fungal growths that can grow up to 60m tall. Moving deeper into the wilds, the large growths of trees begin to thicken, weaving together in a seemingly impassable barricade that Finvarra has to direct the speeders around with the help of a small compass.
As the darkness deepens, the Nyriaanan guide pulls out a fusion lantern to make it possible to navigate and paired with the speeder’s headlights there’s little issue with visibility. The lantern has a dual purpose as she’ll often shine it into the brush and the curious wildlife following the group scatter.
Reaching a clearing Finvarra confidently declares “**We’ll stop here tonight!**” and waits for the speeder to slow before jumping off, her light shines over the surrounding forest before she sets it down to assist her employers in unloading the gear.
Before anyone has the chance to start in the preparation of the campsite, a burst of energy - likely from a sporting blaster rifle - bursts from a copse of chlovi growth ahead. It arcs over head before exploding against a rock formation well to the rear. While the source of the shot is known, the dark shadows of the chlovi growths conceal any number of hidden attackers.
[attachment=0]<!-- ia0 -->ch3-1r0.jpg<!-- ia0 -->[/attachment]
Map Notes: The chlovi growths are medium to large growths of fungus that develop in interlocking spiral formations. They grant cover to anyone who uses them as such, and are the equivalent of wood. The chlovi growth and underbrush are considered difficult terrain. To either side of of the path are rocky protrusions which may also serve as cover.
There's also the option of entering the LandCrawler to use as total cover. Entering/leaving the vehicle is a move action. The vehicle itself may be used as cover.
A light source from Finvarra's lantern has been included and until further notice will move with her. Up to 12sq beyond the radius is shadowy (low-light conditions) and beyond that is darkness.
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

Please roll initiate even if you don't intend on firing back.
Also, please, in your next posts indicate if you have low-light or darkvision. If you don't mention it I'll likely be giving you the penalty to Perception.

</details>

<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">**Land Crawler**</span>
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

Huge ground vehicle (tracked)
**Initiative** (-2) **Senses** Perception (unique)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Defenses** Ref 12 (flat-footed 12), Fort 20; +4 armor
**Hp** 100; **DR** 5; **Threshold** 30
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Speed** 6 squares (max. velocity 95 km/h)
**Fighting Space** 3x3; **Cover** total
**Base Atk** (unique); **Grp** +20
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Abilities** Str 30, Dex 10, Con -, Int 12
**Skills** Initiative/Pilot (-2), Use Computer (+1)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Crew** 1; Passengers 6
**Cargo** 5 tons; **Consumables** 1 week;
**Availability** Licensed; **Cost** 7,500 cred its (3,000 used)
**Rent** 400cr deposit, 50cr/day

</details>

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **simplyscribed** (2011-11-01 05:57:14)

'Take cover!' Elan tells Finvarra, who seems a good guide but he assumes probably won't be all that helpful in a fight. Besides, it would be unfortunate for them to lose their guide and unfortunate too for the young lady to lose her life unnecessarily.
Then without waiting to see what his comrades get up to the Nagai plunges into the fungal trees and out of the light, exiting the clearing at 4 o'clock assuming the shooter is at 12. If he is lucky enough to have picked a direction that has no dangers of it's own, he begins sneaking around to try and catch their assailant.

---

OOC:
**Initiative (+10)**

***27*** <- [17] 1d20 + 10

**Stealth (+10)**

***29*** <- [19] 1d20 + 10

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **DarthAnthrax** (2011-11-01 13:27:09)

At the sound and sight of the blaster bolt cutting through the night, Yuri instinctively dropped into a half-crouched fighting stance. Recognizing the direction the shot had come from, he took a few quick steps out from the speeder and the rest of his companions to get a clearer field of vision, and peered out into the darkness. The darkness and the native fungi might be able to hide their attackers from his sight, but the Force knew no such limits.
Extending his senses outwards, he tried to push aside the vortex of emotions that emanated from the jungle and all the living things in it, and find the presence of those that were out of place, and those intent on hurting him and his friends.
((
**Initiative**

***25*** <- [11] 1d20 + 14

*Swift Action:* Sense Surroundings. I don´t need to roll to succeed, as I have a +14 modifier and no negative conditions affecting me.
*Move Action:* Move 2 squares diagonally NW, and then 2 squares N.
*Standard Action:* Perception check to find the attackers
**Perception**

***22*** <- [12] 1d20 + 10

))

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **jwol** (2011-11-01 14:32:49)

*By the force,* the ithorian jedi thinks,  *never an easy traveling option*.
Reacting quickly to the blaster fire splashing over head he quickly grabs his lightsaber from his belt, and ignites it. Drawing on his deep connection the force he also attempts to locate the attacker with his force enhanced senses. The blazing green blade erupts from the hilt filling the space around him with the low hum of his blade. Turning towards the north he steps forward a step and bellows, **"Hold there. We mean you no harm, come out into the light and I'm sure we can resolve this peacefully."** Tendau finishes at least making the attempt at a peaceful solution while readying himself for the possibility of a non peaceful resolution to the current situation.
**Intiative**

***24*** <- [16] 1d20 + 8

**Perception** *(Force Perception +15 Use The Force)*

***16*** <- [1] 1d20 + 15

*Move Action* Draw Lightsaber and ignite lightsaber
*Swift Action* Sense Surroundings (Same As DA) but I have +15 UtF
 *Standard Action* Locate the Attacker(s)

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Yogi** (2011-11-03 12:32:14)

At the sound of blaster fire everyone reacted in their own way. What surprised him most was the Jedi's call to the attackers that they meant no harm. **"Somehow I doubt they will believe you with an activated lightsaber in your hands."** He said aloud to his Jedi companion as the hilt of his own lightsaber appeared in his hands.
From the cover of the transport he looked out into the surroundings as he drew upon the Force extending his senses outward from his location. Looking for anything that might be amiss from the teeming life that the forest contained in abundance.
OOC:
Swift action to sense surroundings.
**Utf** +13

***5*** <- [5] 1d20

Move action to get lightsaber in his hand.
Standard to spot people in the forest.
**Perception** +9

***8*** <- [8] 1d20

**Initiative** +9

***19*** <- [19] 1d20

I think that's everything.

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2011-11-03 21:50:38)

The extensive flora in the area seems enough to thwart the three Force users as they attempt to locate their hidden adversary or whether there are more. The thought is confirmed as another streak of blaster fire lights up the clearing, once again arcing overhead to hit the trunk of nearby tree. This time, however, the shot came from the other side of the clearing, and the pause in the shots gives rise to the possibility that perhaps the shots aren’t entirely hostile; the shots have been made purposefully.
Before retreating into the safety of the speeder, Finvarra drops the lantern onto the ground, it’s light skewed as it tips onto its side. “**We’ve attracted one of the local clans,**” she explains now within the safe confines of the speeder. “**They’re just trying to scare us off…**” Catching Tendau’s attention she adds, “**They likely won’t be able to understand you.**”
[attachment=0]<!-- ia0 -->ch3-1r1.jpg<!-- ia0 -->[/attachment]
**Round 1**
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

Garin (28) - Weapon Drawn (not activated); Perception 17 (Ignore concealment/cover)
Elan (27) - moves into chlovi growths SE and sneaks around N (double move)
Yuri (25) - move 2sq NW, 2sq N, Perception 22 (Ignore concealment/cover)
Tendau (24) -Weapon Drawn/active, Perception 16 (Ignore concealment/cover)
Finvarra (17) - drops lantern; gets into speeder
Tanith (12) - draws weapon, Perception 30 (heat sensor)

</details>

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **jwol** (2011-11-07 19:03:51)

After hearing the guides advice as she ducked into the landcrawler, Tendau looks after her and asks quickly before she closes the hatch, **"If you know of these tribes, are you able to communicate with them? If not what is your suggestion in what we should do in this circumstance?"** Looking warily towards the two different directions from which the shots had originated from he adds to his previous statement,  **I would very much wish to avoid slaughtering innocent tribesmen for "guarding their land" is it possible to come to some sort of peaceful solution with them? Reason? Negotiate? How do the natives communicate with them?"**
Reaching out with his senses again while still trying to locate the possible attackers locations and numbers he attempts to utilize the force to penetrate the vegetation where his eyes cannot.
(same scenario as before following DA's lead)
**Perception**

***26*** <- [11] 1d20 + 15

---

## Re: Lounge

### **simplyscribed** (2011-11-08 11:49:38)

Stealth roll

***28*** <- [18] 1d20 + 10

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **DarthAnthrax** (2011-11-09 08:54:30)

His senses overwhelmed by the dense presence of living organisms around them, Yuri continues his short sprint towards a nearby rock formation, which he crouches behind. With the lack of hostility in the shots, he begins to think that maybe they aren´t really meant to harm them. Still, he will not back down and hope that the assaults simply seize on their own. Apparently they had done something to provoke whoever was out there into shooting at them, and at the very least he wanted an answer.
Closing his eyes, he attempts to shut out all distractions, and find only what he is looking for. Exerting himself, he tries to recall all the lessons his master put him through before his unfortunate demise aboard the Star Forge.
((
Exact same procedure as before, ending up behind the northwestern rocks in the small clearing.
**Perception**

***15*** <- [5] 1d20 + 10

))

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Magical2099** (2011-11-15 09:33:26)

Tanith adjusts his grip on his heavy blaster and begins tweaking the controls on his swoop. With a click of his teeth he opens coms to Yuri and Gavin. **"I've got heat signatures, six targets, two moving and four in cover. They're trying to corral us…"** he cuts off as he hears Tendau's discovery of a language barrier.
*They can't understand us anyway,* he thinks before raising his voice so all his allies can hear him. He shouts directions and cover placement, giving his allies the best idea he can of their placements. He hits his lateral thrust, listing his swoop sharply to the side, putting room between himself and the rest of the group.
((OOC Speak, Move four left, four down, standard: ready an attack on my nearest enemy if they fire again OOC))

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2011-12-12 12:59:21)

Popping her head out of the vehicle so she can be heard the young Nyriaanan guide calls out to the surrounding forest in a strange mix of Basic and other strange words. There’s a long pause before a male voice to the left of the clearing responds.
“**He says that the scaled one warned them of your coming. He can’t allow you to go further to desecrate their sacred lands,**” she says before shouting back out to the lone voice. There’s no further movement and no shots fired from the trees as the two exchange words. A silence seems to press in around the clearing in between their halting conversation. Finally Finvarra turns back to the Ithorian Jedi. “**I’ve managed to convince the leader that we aren’t after their sacred ground. If you put your weapons away he will be willing to talk more.**”

---

## Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **jwol** (2011-12-15 22:34:17)

Nodding with relief the ithorian deactivates his blade and clips it back onto his belt.  **Well that is a considerable relief. Can you request they come out and talk to us? I'd feel a bit more comfortable without talking into a dense jungle with an unknown amount of weapons pointed at us.**  Chuckling softly he motions for his companions to come in towards the speeder, hoping that even with this fortunate turn of events they keep up their vigilance just in case. Thoroughly satisfied that they may be able to reach a peaceful resolution Tendau prepares for negotiations with the tribal people's.

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **simplyscribed** (2011-12-19 08:18:21)

Elan overhears the new development, but remains where he is for now. While there is a possibility of the encounter turning sour once again he decides he is more useful exactly where he is.

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **DarthAnthrax** (2012-01-12 03:56:31)

Seeing Tendau motion for him to come back towards the crawler, Yuri kept himself from drawing his weapon and stood up showing two empty hands before he started to walk back towards the crawler.
**"So, could someone tell me why they were shooting at us?"**

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-01-12 22:21:03)

Stepping out of the shadows one of the natives makes an appearance. The dark skin of this native Nyriaanan sets him apart from others you've seen. His clothing, which is of native design, is well made and functional. Despite the heat and humidity, he shows no sign of discomfort. He carries a large chopping knife in a sheath on his thigh, as well as a highly decorated sporting blaster in his hands. At the moment it's not trained on any of you. He speaks with authority and from the sound of his voice he's obviously the same native Finvarra has been communicating.
Fulfilling her task as translator she dutifully repeats, "**He suggests that our pale companion make his way into the clearing.**" She pauses as he continues to speak. "**And he wants to know why we're here.**"

---

## Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-02-06 08:38:03)

The Nagai caught in his attempt to sneak around the perimeter comes out of the same brush hiding their would be attackers. Giving the leader a significant look over he heads over to stand with their guide, Tendau and Yuri. Coming behind him from different directions are two of the scouts, their weapons held readily but like their leaders not in any threatening way.
"**He's still waiting to hear your explanation,**" she says, her gaze not moving from the scout leader and the newly exposed scouts.
Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

---

## Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **jwol** (2012-02-11 00:30:55)

Looking over at his companions he contemplates for a moment and decides honesty is probably best.  **We're on a mission of great importance for the republic and are tracking a missing compatriot. Our signs point towards here and were just stopping to make camp after a long day of travel.** Looking back to the lead tribal warrior he inquires about the missing tradoshan and if the gathered force may camp in their territory.

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-02-11 22:53:37)

It takes a moment for Finvarra to confer Tendau's words to the patrol's leader. The reaction is immediate as the patrol begin to talk among themselves not carrying that the strangers can hear the unmistakable criticizing and accusatory tones. With a gesture the leader cuts them off and reluctantly the dissent quiets down. Speaking directly to the Nyriaanan guide, she slowly translates. "**He says the scaled one… the Trandoshan passed through his village a couple days ago before continuing north into the Steamfields. He says if you value your lives you won't proceed further. There's only darkness and death to be found there.**"

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **DarthAnthrax** (2012-02-12 20:52:01)

Moving over to the rest of the people talking, Yuri shrugged his shoulders, adjusting his cloak that had fallen uncomfortably.
**"Well, the darkness is already here, and when someone says that death awaits there are usually ways around that too. Would you mind asking him what exactly can be found there that would bring our death?"**

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-02-13 17:34:16)

With a nod Finvarra dutifully relays the words. "**The Steamfields have their own dangers. Hot springs, geysers and vents which breath their toxic fire. But he says that's not the worst part. There's something that takes anyone who is unfortunate to be found in there. No one has returned to tell of what.**" After another long moment, she relays, "**He says if the scaled one has not returned then it would be best to believe him dead, and to leave the bones where they have fallen.**"

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **DarthAnthrax** (2012-02-13 18:27:22)

Looking over at the rest of his friends, Yuri raised an eyebrow.
**"Well, that does sounds rather unpleasant. Still, there must have been some reason our missing agent went in there. And I kind of got curious to see what might be lurking in there…so what do you say?"**

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-04-14 19:55:12)

It’s only after the natives take the group back to their village that they agree to direct the heroes to the Steamfields. In the dim light of Nyriaanan day, they arrive at the edge of the geologically active area. The Meadlin’s trees are too dense to allow vehicles to pass forcing them to continue on foot.
The Steamfields are a swampy region of hot springs, geysers, and natural vents that spew scalding steam and sulfurous fumes. Some of Nyriaan 's hardiest fungus species live in these boiling pools, their phosphorescent light mixing with the steam and mist to lend an eerie countenance to the entire area. Areas of relatively dry ground weave around and through the seething mud and water, but the way is twisting and maze-like. Geysers send unpredictable scalding fountains skyward, sometimes across the more navigable paths. After nearly another day of travel. the heroes manage to avoid being boiled alive.
It’s the sight at the center of the Steamfields which draws shivers. Through the thick mist and steam that hangs heavily in the air, the outline of sculpture can be discerned. Cast in the rough shape of a humanoid the steps leading up to the raised platform it rests on is stained a rust color, as if bloodstained. Converging on the group from the shadows wretched Human-like beings emerge. Deformed and twisted in ways that confound the imagination they attack with their spears with only their filthy makeshift robes and homespun clothing to protect them. They stink of corruption, a smell that is only partly physical and thoroughly spiritual.
When the half dozen howling savages have been dealt with, the heroes manage to find Yrssk hiding in the shadows and he quickly surrenders. To save his hide he discloses with very little persuasion the truth:
Taking Czerka bribes, Yrssk has been impeding the Republic’s investigation of the Deluge Expiriment and to fabricate evidence against Klieri making her complicit in aiding Czerka efforts. When Klieri learns the specifics of the Deluge Experiment's location and scheduled completion, she becomes too great a liability and is killed by the Czerka’s assassin droid.
He further divulges the device is to be activated within a day (the timing cutting it close to preventing its use) and is able to provide the schematics and plans if the heroes were to let him go.

---

## Re: Chapter Three: The Rising Storm

### **Alicia** (2012-04-26 15:21:59)

Agreeing to let him go, Yrssk gives the coordinates of the facility housing the Deluge device as well as what he has of the schematics. Located to the west of the Steamfields on a flat, narrow plataeu known as Final Rest; it will be a close call to get there in time. Getting to the facility would be the easy part, except for one minor snag: The Deluge Experiment has already begun, and it is wreaking havoc with Nyriaan's weather patterns.
Warm, drizzling rain develops into a hot and steaming torrential downpour by the time that Final Rest is in sight. Nyriaan's omnipresent surface mist and low-lying cloud cover are mysteriously absent, replaced by the severe inclement weather. Lightning arcs down from the sky in purple lancets, and peals of thunder roar across the landscape.
Finding solace beyond the meager fence surrounding the plateau, the heroes find themselves traversing underground. After taking out the remaining guards of the mine they come across the control room for the Deluge device. What greets them is a complicated array of machines and computer systems which make up the complicated Deluge device.
Only through their teamwork and their companions’ knowledge are the effects of the device are reversed. However, their meddling causes the system to begin an overload sequence and they race to escape as the mine collapses behind them.
Leaving Nyriaan behind, they rendezvous with the *Titan’s Valiant*. After a debriefing, Captain Prius gratefully has the Republic transfer their reward to the necessary accounts. Captain Prius then passes on a message from Ka’ra suggesting to take some time for R&R and when they were needed she or Lanius would be in touch. An invitation to go to Telia is opened and Tanith is requested to provide transport to anyone who wishes to go there.
Tendau, Sajin and Fiolla decide to stay and protect the Force Harvester. While thankful for the lift and rescue, Elan decides not to get involved and requests to be dropped off at the closest port. Garin heads back ‘home’ and extends an invitation to anyone who wishes to go. After acting as a chauffeur Tanith takes Garin up on the offer and heads to Mandalore.
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

The reward for the mission was 5k per person. Any equipment requisitioned from the quartermaster needs to be returned.

</details>



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:12 EDT*</span>