# My Rebellion Era Campaign

### **simplyscribed** (2007-09-27 06:30:44)

Reposting this to these new forums, since I found it enjoyable to update in the past.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Campaign Timeline so far:</span>
**1.1 ABY:** Kylin Fei (a Twi’lek Scoundrel), Quo T’wal (a Duros Soldier), and Reba (a Human force-sensitive) escape from Nar Shaddaa with Alax Col’s (a smuggler) YT-2400 the *Screaming Siren*, which they tricked him out of in a game of sabacc (technically, they won it fair and square; the only thing is, the ship Kylin put up as collateral wasn't actually theirs, making the bet forfeit); They land on a small jungle planet between Hutt and Bothan space where they discover an ancient temple. Here they meet the force spirit of the Squib Jedi Master Illikitee-raneevee (yup, he's the Squib the children's books were about). He found the temple, already a strong force location, a long time ago and had the sense that it was important that it remain unspoiled for an important role it would play in the future. Accordingly he never reported it to the Jedi Council and returned there as a force spirit when he died. Obvioulsy he was a bit out of touch, but had sensed the great darkness that had swallowed the galaxy; upon hearing the character's report of the conditions of the galaxy, he wonders if this is why he is here, and reluctantly offers to train Reba if he can pass a test (he does).
**1.2 ABY:** Kylin and Quo search for lightsaber parts while Reba continues his training, in particular orchestrating a daring theft of gems - including focusing crystals - from Tatooine Imperial Governor Tour Aryon’s prized collection; they take on a commission that leads them into accidental contact with the Rebellion. The Rebel base is attacked while they are present, and they are forced to assist in its defense.
**1.4 ABY:** Kylin, Quo, and Reba rescue an old friend (a Togruta merchant) from an Imperial facility; on the mission they meet Ix Coil’s Rebel commandos; and during their escape they kill Aixalla Veldari, dark apprentice of Vader; The Corellian Bounty Collection Concern are offered exclusive bounty rights on their heads by the Empire.
**1.5 ABY:** Kylin, Quo, and Reba first hear about the Imperial bounty. They encounter a group of Squibs who spot Reba’s lightsaber; the Squibs ask for help running some smugglers out of their junkyard. Doing so angers their master Jabba the Hutt who puts out a bounty of his own for them; Alax Col offers a bonus for the safe return of his ship.
**1.6 ABY:** Now aware of the further bounties on their heads, Kylin, Quo, and Reba hide out on Ryloth.
**2.0 ABY:**  Bounty Hunters from Jabba and the CBBC track Kylin, Quo, and Reba down to Ryloth. As their Hunters strive to take out the competition, they manage to escape, but not before having their first, brief encounter with Vul Xe, one of the CBCC's best bounty hunters (not the best in the galaxy, but definitely a contender in the top 20 or so). They decide the safest place for them to be is with the Rebellion, and find a contact who sends them to Hoth. Here they meet General Carlist Rieekan who accepts them into the Rebellion. They are also introduced to the fledgling Jedi Eric Nahl, who is eager to share stories and Jedi Arts with Reba. Kylin and Quo take part in the construction and patrolling of Echo Base, while Reba and Eric train together and discuss an extended trip to train on Solsis VII, where the journals of Eric’s mother suggest that there is a primitive force tradition very similar in its teachings to the Jedi of the Republic.
**2.1 ABY:** Reba and Eric leave for Solsis VII.
**2.5 ABY:** A Rebel spy brings General Rieekan word of a secret Imperial research facility on Recopia. Since Kylin and Quo have experience infiltrating Imperial facilities, he asks them to uncover exactly what the Empire are researching there, sending them along with Raje (a Bothan Scout) and Zen (a Human Noble). They successfully enter the labs underneath the facility, where they find the Imperials are keeping a battered red combat droid. Rajetoolah overhears an Officer comment that the droid helped some Jedi evade the Empire just after the Clone Wars. Once activated, the droid kills its captors. Upon being released, the droid, who introduces “himself” as Red, agrees to help to increase his own chances of escape. By accessing and hacking a console, Kylin also uncovers details of “Project Dervish”, discovering that the facility was built atop a thousand Seyugi Dervishes frozen in stasis, waiting to be unleased on the galaxy once again. The force-sensitive assassins, under control of the Empire, could be an incalculable threat. The group decide to sabotage it, working their way through the facility. Meanwhile, the bodies are discovered and the alarm goes off. Fighting their way to the frozen Dervishes, they encounter a dark jedi in black and red stormtrooper armour – the twin brother of Aixalla, Anyl. He too, recognises them as his sister’s killer. They are overwhelmed by his attacks, but Quo manages to knock him down to a lower level. Kylin attempts to sabotage the systems controlling the Dervish’s stasis chambers, but they are awakened instead. The group escapes to tell its tale, but spends a great deal of time undergoing bacta treatment in the medical bay. General Rieekan decides it's probably better that the Dervishes are presumably under their own power thanks to their early release, rather than servants of the Empire.
**2.6 ABY:** Now recuperated, Kylin, Quo, Raje and Zen get back into the swing of things at Echo Base. As they are all trained pilots, they get assigned to Blue Squadron, part of the snowspeeder complement. During this time they also meet such individuals as Han Solo and Chewbacca - who they challenge to drinking games, Luke Skywalker, and Princess Leia. Red has undergone repairs, and received some upgrades thanks to Zen's generosity.
**3.0 ABY:** Our heroes take part in the Battle of Hoth, and half of them are nearly killed. Through good fortune (and the expenditure of all Zen's Force Points and half of his Destiny Points) they manage to escape, but not without a dangerous brush with Dark Vader. When they arrive at the rendezvous point, General Rieekan suggests that they find their friends on Solsis VII to communicate the Rebellion's current situation. Red, meanwhile, has disappeared, leading Raje to accuse him of being a spy.
**What's Next?:** Well, you can find out by reading my Solsis VII design diary!

---

### **Anonymous** (2008-11-09 10:24:08)

I don't normally read these things and if I do, I skim. I read this whole thing in detail and LOVED it. Very creative!



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:39:06 EDT*</span>