# Chat Roleplaying

### **simplyscribed** (2010-11-05 12:29:35)

I know several among our community have roots in chat roleplaying, and several others have yet to have the opportunity to play in that medium. We have the ability to build multiple rooms for roleplaying in our chat, and it barely gets used.
This is something I think should be rectified. As should the comatose status of the Freeform roleplaying section on the board - and these are two birds that *can* be killed with one stone.
Chat roleplaying is fun, fast, easy, and gets your creative juices flowing in a way that's hard to describe. Chat Roleplaying can be a perfect method for roleplaying a private scene between two characters from an existing game. It's a great way for a community to share time too, and can inspire whole worlds and new games to appear on the boards as well as in the chatroom.
In short, its definitely worth giving a go.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Freeform Chat Roleplaying</span>
Any day you happen to be in chat and feel like roleplaying, *do so*. All it takes is two people to be interested. Once you create a room and get started, I'd bet a few more people will quickly join in (just make sure you give your room an appropriate name so people know there's a game going on they can join in). Pick whatever setting you want, be it an existing one (say, Star Wars - Rebellion Era) or a new one (you might think "hey, it'll be fun to play in a dark horror setting like the one in White Wolf games"). You don't even need to have a character prepared if you're comfortable making one up on the spot. It's not like you need stats, and you can develop your character by answering in-game questions as they're asked. If you want, you can even use multiple characters!
Pick a neutral scene, like a bar or a city park. Somewhere a lot of characters can pass through and congregate, explaining the coming and going of players (and their characters). The idea is not to have a GM or any conflict, as such, you're just roleplaying the interactions between characters as though they were two friends or strangers meeting and talking in a living, breathing world. If conflict does happen, and sometimes it will, use whatever system you can agree on with the other party to resolve it: both rolling a d6 works quite well.
If someone seems to be pushing the scene in the direction of an actual plot (maybe their character runs in to the tavern, asking for help against the bandits who stole their horse and wagon), and you want to get involved, don't resist and join in. By taking the roleplay down a path of both plot and conflict, that players has now put themselves into the role of GM. They have to use whatever resolution method is available (be it that simple d6, or hastily developed character sheets) to run the game. Common sense applies during extended conflict like combats - you should roll initiative and make use of a turn system, for example.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Common Settings</span>
One of the great things I've found about chat-focused roleplaying communities is that if they try out a new setting and it's fun enough, that setting soon becomes formally accepted and the setting starts to develop. New players join and existing players make multiple characters, and the potential cast for interaction grows. These settings become thriving, energetic places for relationships to develop and stories to be told.
Alternatively if you have a new idea for a setting, you could post it on the board. Give as much or as little detail you like, and feel free to define any rules of the setting you wish. I am going to follow this post with an example fantasy setting which I plan to leave very open ended for people to slot all kinds of characters, nations, and back-stories into.
In a common setting, characters will be used again and again and after a while you may decide its worth your while to create a character profile like those used in the Freeform section. If you've created any kinds of stats for the character when playing in a GMed plot, you can add those to the profile too so you're ready next time!
The other great thing about a common setting is that it doesn't just have to be used in chat! You could start up a game in Freeform, or even using a preferred system of your choice, using the setting as a backdrop.

---

### **simplyscribed** (2010-11-05 14:04:42)

<span style="font-size: 2.00em;">Newland</span>
Just one nation among many on the world's "main" continent, Newland is a relatively young but prosperous nation ruled for the four centuries of its existence by the Newland family. Formerly known as the Drand, a noble line from the August Empire, the Newland grew tired of the (then) tyrannical grip of the August Emperor, amassed a following, and led their people across the Heaven's Teeth mountains to found a country of their own. They took for themselves, and for their country, the name Newland.
The Newland family had the charisma and breeding to lead, but they required the support of the people to build their country. Newland therefore evolved as a representative democracy, with the current head of the royal family retaining some power as official head of the nation's military, as well as possessing right of veto on the council and the power to invoke a temporary autocracy in times of war.
Initially the formation of Newland was hampered by troubles with a number of local tribes including the elves of Darkdwell Forest; the feline plains nomads known as tiigani; and their leporine neighbours in the foothills of the Heaven's Teeth, the usagani. After some initial conflict, the elves were appeased with a peace treaty and the tiigani and usagani were persuaded to become a part of Newland in exchange for maintaining their lands and positions of influence for their leaders on the council.
The Newlanders have worked hard over the last centuries to make their nation great, and its reputation for forward-thinking attitudes and its exciting atmosphere draw many. The fact that it is a frontier country attracts adventures prepared to put their life on the line for the right amount of gold. And already, though young, Newland has enemies plotting its downfall.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">About the Natives</span>
Lots of people travel to Newland from all over the continent, so it is a very metropolitan nation. The natives include the founding Newlanders (humans), who come from backgrounds as varied as nobility, peasantry, and from among the new and booming "working class" tradesmen and merchants. Other locals include the cat-like humanoid Tiigani, a nomadic people who retain dominion over the plains of Tiigan but also intermingle in Newland's cities, as well as the hare-like Usagani, who dwell among the cliffs and canyons at the foot of the Heaven's Teeth. Neighbouring Newland is the Darkdwell Forest, home to a local Elven nation.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Capital</span>
Newland's capital city is called Hope, and while not the biggest city on the continent it is certainly among the most energetic. On Hope's clean streets, minor nobles walk the cobbles along with traders, merchants, and the peasantry, and this speaks well to the rights and freedoms of the country, where even the lowest individual may travel freely and have his say.
Hope has a thriving Business Quarter, an entire section of which has informally become known as "Merc Village", where almost all the visiting adventurers invariably shop and stay.
<span style="font-size: 2.00em;">Magic</span>
Magic is plentiful in the world, drawn from the plane known as the Dreaming, and there are many different types of mages who perform magic in a variety of ways: because Belief is what shapes the Dreaming, the Belief of the practitioner in their method is more important than the method itself. There is conceptual room for all sorts of mages: from the traditional bookish wizards, to sorcerers, bards, and even spell-swords. (It is perfectly possible to base a magic using character on any kind of inspiration you can think of - perhaps theming them like a Black, White, Red, or Blue mage from Final Fantasy?)
There are consequences for using magic, however. It cannot be generated from nothing, and even as you create your spell something else is damaged or destroyed.
Most minor magics (any spell you would normally consider a wizard capable of) do not actually draw from the Dreaming, but rather from the power of the Dreaming that yet remains within the Mortality (or any other plane you happen to be in). Consequently, Magic is damaging to the environment, causing local life to wither and die, soil to turn barren, and stone to weather. The impact of a spell’s damage to the caster’s surroundings is in accord with the power of the spell.
Major spells (rituals performed by many casters, spells of potentially world-altering significance) tear the thin veil separating the Dreaming from Mortality/other plane, causing huge instabilities and chaotic fluctuation, potentially victimising anyone within range of the tear with the consequences of dangerous Wild Magic.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Sorcerers/Psions</span>
Occasionally, mortals are born with a soul that is somehow more bound to the Dreaming. These individuals have the ability to draw from that plane almost as naturally as they draw breath. They "see" the thin threads of the veil around them and instinctively know which to "pull" to get their desired result. Sorcerers can accomplish greater magics, and rarely risk tearing the veil, but even they are incapable of preventing their magics from causing destruction and decay around them.
<span style="font-size: 2.00em;">The Planes (or the Metaphysical/Spiritual Background of the Setting)</span>
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Grand Plan</span>
In all Existence, each plane has its place and everything happens in accordance with a scheme beyond mortal understanding. Is there a Force or Deity born even before the Dreaming? No one can know for sure, though many speculate (and several religions believe their God to be the Progenitor).
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Dreaming</span>
The Dreaming is whence all things come and is the birthplace of gods and worlds. When men slumber they briefly visit the Dreaming. The inspiration of artists, scientists, and craftsmen comes from this source. Even human thought echoes on the fabric of the Dreaming (this fact making magic possible).
The Dreaming exists in congruence with all other planes: the nature of the Dreaming is that of Possibility, and all other planes were created from it and draw power from it still. This is why it is so simple for elements of the Dreaming to be drawn into the “Waking World”, and also why dreamers are able to cross the thin veil and return there in their slumber.
It is theoretically possible to travel between planes physically by means of a “dreamwalk”, entering and exiting the Dreaming by one of many nexus points that exist between planes. The traveller of dreams must be careful, however, for dreams can be enticing, confusing, or deadly and without the proper precautions a dreamwalker will never return to the waking world.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Lifewell</span>
Formed from the ether of Dreaming shortly before the birth of Man, the Lifewell is the source from whence all souls are plucked. The Lifewell is a plane of life energy so pure it is (ironically) impossible to enter it physically as it resists even the slightest taint, destroying any such source utterly, and so it exists also in a metaphysical sense in the Dreaming where Gods and other powerful Spirits may access it. For reasons unknowable the Lifewell is actually self-regulating, periodically dispensing new souls to those about to be born. Most souls are thus not bound to a deity at the time of their birth. The most powerful Spirits are capable of drawing forth souls from the Lifewell, marking them as their own and ensuring the creation of a champion bearing their Aspect in the Waking World. Such energy is required for this that it is not done frequently – or lightly.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">The Mortality</span>
Sometimes referred to as the “Mortal Realm” or “Land of the Living”, The Mortality is the plane of existence on which most stories will be set: the places where souls are born to a mortal life during which they determine their worth and the eventual destination of their soul in the afterlife.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Other Planes</span>
Powerful Spirits born in the Dreaming sometimes carve out new domains, and sometimes new planes are simply born from the Dreaming due to strong Belief. These Planes are often the destination of souls in the afterlife, going to the final resting place (or eternal punishment) that in their heart they know they deserve.

---

### **simplyscribed** (2010-11-05 14:47:00)

<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Example Character</span>
**Name:** Blaze Schwartzsturm
**Race:** Human
**Nation of Birth:** Bron
**Age:** 23
**Gender:** Male
**Skills:** gunner, combat mage.
**Appearance:** Blaze stands at just under 6 feet in height and has a wide-shouldered build. He is nordic in appearance, with pale blue eyes and long blonde hair tied back in a ponytail with a red ribbon. While in public he usually wears a long red coat; comfortable black trousers; and soft brown leather boots, and arms himself with a rifle; two pistols; and a bandolier of rounds. Just in case, he carries a well-balanced knife strapped to his left boot.
**Details:** The sprawling Schwartzsturm clan has spread far over the centuries, but nowhere is the name more well known than its nation of origin, the North-Western kingdom of Bron. Naturally, Schwartzsturms end up in all walks of life, but the family tree - particularly its main line - is noted for producing great warriors and heroes.
Blaze left Bron to carve out his own fortune away from the family reputation, having a series of adventures (and misadventures) across the continent before settling on the frontier kingdom of Newland as an appropriate place for his skills to be tested. Unlike many purists, he has embraced the new firearm technology recently developed in the technocracy of Vash, learning to shoot with exceptional accuracy and enhancing his gunslinger prowess with utility magic.
Blaze's ability with magic is minor, but potent when correctly applied in combat. He can enhance his accuracy, enchant his bullets, deflect incoming attacks, and heal minor wounds (though he has only so far mastered the ability to minister damage to his own body).
Along with his long-time friend and partner Deinar Russet, Blaze has been recruited into the secret organisation known as the Wardens.
Blaze has a younger brother, Drake, and an older sister, Natalie.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:37 EDT*</span>