# Magical's Droid Rules and Discussion for Replacing RaW

### **Magical2099** (2010-09-29 01:55:42)

What’s the thing most GMs hate to deal with? Droids. The RaW are sketchy at the least and confusing at the best, with a variety of loopholes to be exploited (knowingly or otherwise). Droids are so customizable and malleable that they are easy to break as far as game mechanics are concerned. This customization is the draw for most players, because Droids can do so much more than normal characters. Unfortunately, due to the complexity of the rules surrounding Droids most GMs either outright outlaw Droids or create house rules on the fly that often kill all the enjoyment of playing a Droid. One of the rules in place to hinder breaking is the encumbrance rule, but where droids are concerned these rules are vague.
Here’s how I’ve decided to handle these issues. Feel free to use them if you like them.
Starting systems do not count towards encumbrance as they were taken into account during the Droid’s designing. Adding systems beyond these, on the other hand, should affect the Droid’s abilities and thus do count towards encumbrance. I’ve found two ways to deal with this:
Option A: Total the weight of the Droid’s starting systems, appendages, and accessories. Make note of each and the total on the character sheet, then add 5 to 10 to the total depending on the manufacturer’s intent for the Droid to be upgraded (i.e.: an astromech would have more because they are adapted to serve so many purposes, whereas a protocol unit would have less). This total is what the weight of the Droid’s systems will have to stay under unless they want the systems to begin counting towards their carrying capacity as determined by their strength score. This allows for swapping systems and leaves the fun in playing a Droid without handicapping them completely.
Option B: Much faster and less math. The starting systems, appendages and accessories don’t count and then give the player a number to work with: one-half of their carrying capacity as determined by strength score. For example, a Droid with a strength of 18 can carry 81 kilos before being considered to be under a heavy load. Using this option, this Droid would have 40 kilos available for upgrades and additional Droid parts before said parts began affecting their encumbrance.
Naturally, any equipment or gear, even mounted in tool appendages, should count towards encumbrance. Locomotion systems and processors are the exceptions to the above options: locomotion systems would not count against the encumbrance because it makes sense for the added system to account for its own weight. Processors having a weight to begin with makes no sense, especially consider most of the chassis and standard models come with only basic ones.
The rules for Droid chassis state that bonus or starting systems can be swapped for others of comparable price. This can be broken as well by swapping expensive and unimportant systems for heavier systems, thereby increasing the Droid’s totals. I suggest limiting the swapping not only to comparable price but also comparable weight. For example, an internal comlink is 250 credits and weighs only 0.1 kilos. Using the RaW, this can be swapped for a stabilized hand appendage which costs the same but weighs 25 kilos. The pricing rule states that the price must be within 10% of the cost of the system lost. I would suggest it also be within 5 kilos of the lost system’s weight.
Any ideas or suggestion are welcome, setting up a system to replace the vague and not very useful RaW that leaves the fun in playing a Droid without breaking them in game is a goal worth working towards since Droids are such a large part of the Star Wars Galaxy.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:35:56 EDT*</span>