# Je'kor

### **simplyscribed** (2009-10-22 19:52:25)

<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Je’kor </span>
Tall and physically intimidating, the bat-like natives of J’ko are almost all part of the [Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate](http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43181#p43181 "http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43181#p43181"), as were their parents and forefathers. They have been tempered by centuries of warmongering into a deadly warrior race, and have learned to overcome their inherent weaknesses (such as their relative frailty) through sheer effort and stubborn willpower.
Je'kor mercenaries are known and feared throughout the known Galaxy, and command the highest prices from those who seek out their services.
**Personality:** The Je’kor culture is defined by its strong military underpinnings, and their social lives are defined by the sort of camaraderie that only naturally springs into being within armed forces. A Je’kor respects authority and power, though never misses an opportunity to enhance his or her own influence. Allies are treated and trusted like squad mates, though for many Je’kor the only allies they will ever know are others of their species.
**Physical Description:** The Je’kor are humanoid, but very bat-like in appearance, including a distinctive leaf-nose, large ears, and patagia joining arms to abdomen which can be used for lift and gliding though not for actual flight. Je’kor average height is 2 metres. Je'kor have only three fingers and thumb on each hand, and four toes. These digits are longer than those of a human.
**Homeworld:** The outer rim planet J’ko.
**Language:** Je’kor speak their own language Je’kin, but are capable of speaking Basic. Conversely, it is very difficult for members of most species to possess more than a limited understanding of Je’kor because part of the language is spoken ultrasonically.
**Example Names:** Litt’veyashi, Jakk’hamata, Tiin’marato, Vel’kishin. When giving their names in Basic it is not unknown for Je’kor to separate the two parts of their name into distinct forenames and surnames (Litt Veyashi, for example).
**Adventurers:** Almost all Je’kor belong to the Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate or work for it in some capacity. However, it is not entirely unknown for a Je’kor to leave their homeworld and prior affiliation. A Je’kor adventurer may be a mercenary hoping to make his or her own way in the world, or could wish for a life that would not be open to them as part of the Syndicate.
<span style="font-size: 1.25em;">Je&#39;kor Species Traits</span>
**Ability Modifiers:** +2 Strength, + Dexterity, -2 Constitution, -2 Wisdom, -2 Charisma. Je’kor are physically powerful as well as agile and dextrous, but their bones are relatively frail and they lack patience and regard for social niceties.
**Patagia:** The Je’kor possesses a membrane between each of its two forelimbs and its abdomen. Though unable to achieve true flight, an unencumbered Je’kor may use its patagia to achieve lift and glide. The Je’kor may treat all jumps as running jumps, even without the normal running start (see the Jump skill, page 68 of the Saga Edition Core Rules). In addition, the Je’kor may reroll a failed Jump check (but must accept the result of the reroll even if it is worse) and take 10 on Jump checks even when rushed or threatened.
**Low-Light Vision:** Je’kor ignore concealment (but not total concealment) from darkness.
 **Bonus Feat:** Improved Damage Threshold. Despite their frail frames, a Je’kor mercenary seems unbreakable—their indomitable will and sheer bloody-mindedness is the stuff of legends.

---

### **Rebaav** (2009-11-03 18:47:51)

> **simplyscribed wrote:**
>
> **Ability Modifiers:** +2 Strength, + Dexterity, -2 Constitution, -2 Wisdom, -2 Charisma.

Still reading it over, looks nice, but this did stand out. I'm assuming that its "+2 Dexterity" right?

---

### **simplyscribed** (2009-11-03 19:17:36)

> **Rebaav wrote:**
>
> > **&quot;simplyscribed&quot; wrote:**
> >
> > **Ability Modifiers:** +2 Strength, + Dexterity, -2 Constitution, -2 Wisdom, -2 Charisma.

Still reading it over, looks nice, but this did stand out. I'm assuming that its "+2 Dexterity" right?
Good spot. And aye.

---

### **simplyscribed** (2009-11-03 19:18:35)

> **simplyscribed wrote:**
>
> <span style="font-size: 1.50em;">Je’kor </span>
> Tall and physically intimidating, the bat-like natives of J’ko are almost all part of the [Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate](http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43181#p43181 "http://galacticcampaigns.com/forum/viewtopic.php?p=43181#p43181"), as were their parents and forefathers. They have been tempered by centuries of warmongering into a deadly warrior race, and have learned to overcome their inherent weaknesses (such as their relative frailty) through sheer effort and stubborn willpower.
> Je&#39;kor mercenaries are known and feared throughout the known Galaxy, and command the highest prices from those who seek out their services.
> **Personality:** The Je’kor culture is defined by its strong military underpinnings, and their social lives are defined by the sort of camaraderie that only naturally springs into being within armed forces. A Je’kor respects authority and power, though never misses an opportunity to enhance his or her own influence. Allies are treated and trusted like squad mates, though for many Je’kor the only allies they will ever know are others of their species.
> **Physical Description:** The Je’kor are humanoid, but very bat-like in appearance, including a distinctive leaf-nose, large ears, and patagia joining arms to abdomen which can be used for lift and gliding though not for actual flight. Je’kor average height is 2 metres. Je&#39;kor have only three fingers and thumb on each hand, and four toes. These digits are longer than those of a human.
> **Homeworld:** The outer rim planet J’ko.
> **Language:** Je’kor speak their own language Je’kin, but are capable of speaking Basic. Conversely, it is very difficult for members of most species to possess more than a limited understanding of Je’kor because part of the language is spoken ultrasonically.
> **Example Names:** Litt’veyashi, Jakk’hamata, Tiin’marato, Vel’kishin. When giving their names in Basic it is not unknown for Je’kor to separate the two parts of their name into distinct forenames and surnames (Litt Veyashi, for example).
> **Adventurers:** Almost all Je’kor belong to the Je’kor Mercenary Syndicate or work for it in some capacity. However, it is not entirely unknown for a Je’kor to leave their homeworld and prior affiliation. A Je’kor adventurer may be a mercenary hoping to make his or her own way in the world, or could wish for a life that would not be open to them as part of the Syndicate.
> <span style="font-size: 1.25em;">Je&amp;#39;kor Species Traits</span>
> **Ability Modifiers:** +2 Strength, +2 Dexterity, -2 Constitution, -2 Wisdom, -2 Charisma. Je’kor are physically powerful as well as agile and dextrous, but their bones are relatively frail and they lack patience and regard for social niceties.
> **Patagia:** The Je’kor possesses a membrane between each of its two forelimbs and its abdomen. Though unable to achieve true flight, an unencumbered Je’kor may use its patagia to achieve lift and glide. The Je’kor may treat all jumps as running jumps, even without the normal running start (see the Jump skill, page 68 of the Saga Edition Core Rules). In addition, the Je’kor may reroll a failed Jump check (but must accept the result of the reroll even if it is worse) and take 10 on Jump checks even when rushed or threatened.
> **Low-Light Vision:** Je’kor ignore concealment (but not total concealment) from darkness.
>  **Bonus Feat:** Improved Damage Threshold. Despite their frail frames, a Je’kor mercenary seems unbreakable—their indomitable will and sheer bloody-mindedness is the stuff of legends.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:21 EDT*</span>