# [Welcome to the Arena!] 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2010-08-05 23:45:24)

There is a spark and a burst of binary comes flooding into Shell-shock's HUD as his video feed comes online. The zeros and ones that flow across his range of vision seem to shrink as a hanger bay comes into focus, with a range of color flowing from the top of his visual range to the bottom.
**"(static)… unit designation: Weissritter Abend. All systems are showing green,"** the technician says as he looks down into the crate Shell-shock lies in when the audio feed begins. **"List off your mission parameters and you'll be good to go,"** he states as he moves back to give you room to climb out of the crate. He turns to a table behind him and grunts as he hefts a massive rifle before turning back to the crate.

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2010-08-17 19:51:25)

Shell-Shock slowly stands up and and steps out of the box. A pair of green eyes flash for a moment as the the words 'mission parameters' almost echo in the droids brain. **"Mission parameters…Enter arena, disassemble all targets, acquire better weapons, continue to take apart organics."** it says the last past as if it was smiling.Shell-Shock the walks over and takes the rifle **"And my unit designation is not Weissritter Abend it is Shell-Shock. Try and get that through your simple mind."** it says in a completely different voice.
Shell-Shock looks around for a moment **"Please point me to the arena registration."** it says in its calm voice that it started with **"I wish to get started on my experiments with living tissue and carbonite."** As it speaks the droid pulls a canister out from its box and loads it into the rifle. There is a bit of cold gas the is blown off from the connection point as the canister is locked into place. The droid then looks at the tech that first spoke to him and waits.

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2010-08-17 20:14:19)

**"Eh, close enough. Here,"** the tech replies sounding bored. He taps a few keys on his bracer computer and a map appears in the lower left corner of Shell-Shock's HUD. **"The highlighted building is the closest arena, the circle is you. Have fun,"** he says as he waves towards the exit. With his job done the technician packs his tools and boards the simple shuttle he had arrived in and begins liftoff preparations. The map shows that the closest arena is within 4.76 minutes walking distance, three degrees south.

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2010-08-20 12:46:42)

**"Fun…fun is not in my programing. Death, dismemberment, and removal of internal organs…but not fun."** the droid remarked as it started walking. As the droid walked it made mental notes on all the organics it encountered. Anyone that stared at the droid was meet with a cold heartless stare as the droid stopped and stared back. making sure the person saw the large rifle in his hand. Taking its time to make its way over the arena Shell-Shock decided to take in a few of the sights and learn more about the planet it was stranded on for the time being.
One other thing it wanted to look into was acquiring a mechanic or another droid to fix its body between fights. Other things it wished to learn included all the rules about the arena and to get a look at the arena it would be fighting in. All of this information would help prolong its operational life, after all it needed to learn all it could on what damage organics could with stand before they expired. It also wanted to learn if freezing the wound over would prolong or shorten this time.

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2010-08-24 03:58:37)

After querying many sentients Shell-Shock finds (mostly from other droids who don't mind his personality), that not terribly far from his current location is a predominately droid quarter, filled with shops selling droid and droid parts, and mostly inhabited by droids. Finding most of his afternoon spent in gathering this intel, he finds the rest fairly quickly.
As he makes his way to the Arena he finds a hexagonal structure roughly four meters tall. The droid outside it creaks roughly as he moves. After asking about the rules of the Arena, it offers him a download of all Arena regulations. It then says, **"I assume you are participating. You have a wager? We have several matches in need of participants."** it says as it punches up a list on the view screen set into the wall. Displayed are a listing of open bouts, stating species and wagers. Three are available: a Rodian wagering a customized blaster pistol, a Gammorian with a virbo-axe, and another droid, with a translator unit.
**"Interested?"** the poorly kept protocol droid asks.
((OOC rules will be posted shortly in another thread OOC))

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2010-08-24 12:04:38)

Shell-Shock looked at each of the combatants. It had no need for a translator unit. It may have be better than then one it possessed right now, but id did not need to understand the dieing words of an organic too lazy or incapable of learning basic. The Vibro-Axe may prove to be useful, however it's programing did not cover the use of advanced melee weapons. The last option was the pistol, something it could properly use and if nothing else Shell-Shock would use it for other bets. **"The Rodian species has always intrigued me. I would like to stat my experiments with that one. I will wager the very tool that I will be using to conduct the experiment.** As it spoke it held up the carbonite rifle so the droid understood what it was talking about.

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2010-08-24 12:23:30)

**"Pit one, first door on the right as you enter the sub level, which is down the short flight of stairs labeled 'Gladiators.' Good luck,"** the rickety old droid replies, motioning further into the Arena. Shell-Shock finds the proper door easily, and on the other side waits a Twi'lek female wearing a shirt with 'Non-combatant' in large letters across the chest and back.
**"Through the door behind me you'll find a cage who's gate opens into the pit. When the gate opens, kill your opponent and return here. I'll be waiting here with your purse, which for this bout is fifteen hundred credits. There will be a short wait for your prize to be delivered. Good luck,"** she says, her speech sounding well rehearsed and bored.
((OOC After you're in place, roll initiative. OOC))

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2010-08-29 14:29:45)

Shell-Shocks' eyes flashed green as he listened the bored woman spoke **"Acknowledged. Missions parameters: Enter arena, engage target in combat, proceed with experimental weaponry, test effects of carbonite on organic, exterminate target using all means available, return and await further orders."** The droid again had a slight tone that suggested it was going to enjoy the test run.
As Shell-Shock opened the door the droid stepped into the cage **"Weapon safeties disengage. Combat servos, primed and firing. Targeting computer…. calibrated. All systems show green."** Shell-Shock waited for the doors to the cage to open up so he could get his first match done with.

***7*** <- [7] 1d20

+10 Init

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2010-08-31 07:06:05)

As Shell-Shock enters the cage his photorecptors automatically shift to a more sensitive spectrum to accommodate the lack of light. As everything takes on a green tint he can see a bipedal shape at the far end of the long catwalk, past the raging fire and the shield emplacements. The entire pit is suspended over a one hundred meter drop. The floor beneath the catwalk is littered with detritus and old bones. Across the chasm the unit can see a semi-respectable sized crowd gathering.
The Arena announcer comes over the loudspeakers: **"COME ONE, COME ALL AND WELCOME TO THE KILLEE-KOR ARENA!!! THIS AFTERNOON WE HAVE A PROTOTYPE DROID VERSUS A RODIAN HUNTER! WHICH WILL PROVE STRONGER? LET'S FIND OUT! LET THE BATTLE BEGIN!"** as the announcer's voice dies the gate in front of you falls into the floor and the crowd sits forward expectantly...
((OOC
Initiative: Shell-Shock 17, Rodian 15
The fire-pit provides low cover (if adjacent), the shields (blue things) provide cover, as do the statues. All but the area around the fire is in lowlight, but you can both see so it doesn't matter.
OOC))

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2011-03-10 16:51:37)

Shell-Shock's sensors adjusted to the low light as he looked around. **"Target sighted….orders…neutralize target" **Shell-Shock wasted no time running forward, almost making it to the center part of the arena before raising his large rifle. **"Combat safeties unlocked. Raising targeting computers to level two. Will remain at combat level two until target is neutralized." As he spoke the blue coloring on his body shifted from blue to red. Shell-Shock took aim on his target and pulled the trigger. The large rifle made a hissing sound before shooting out a small steam of liquid carbonite.
(( Moving 6 squares forward and standard action to fire carbonite rifle ))
Attack

***15*** <- [15] 1d20

+6
(21)
Damage

***16*** <- [8, 3, 5] 3d10

(16)******

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2011-03-11 07:59:05)

The stream of carbonite strikes the Rodian in the arm, which quickly freezes and shatters as the being recoils against the wall behind him. The cold must dull the pain though, because the Rodian charges forward, a look of desperate defiance on his face as he fires. The cold also effects his aim, unfortunately, as his shaking sends the fiery bolt wide of Shell-Shock...
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

Shell-Shock attack: 21 V.S. ? Hit!
Move: 6 forward.
Rodian Attack + ? V.S. 19 Miss! No damage!
***10*** <- [10] 1d20
Swift: Second Wind

</details>

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2011-03-11 20:47:06)

Shell-shock watched as the blast flew wild. If he was an organic he might have made a comment, however he was not programed to do anything like that. As he looked at the target his battle computer was going over his options. He knew the better the show the better his masters would think of him, however he was programed to understand some organic feelings. One of them was fear, if he could cause at least one other fighter to fear him it would give him an edge. Rather than raising his rifle for another shot he raised his left arm. The sound of an electronic motor now echoed from his body **"Weapon over drive…active. Capacitors at one hundred percent. Diverting power…capacitors now at three hundred percent."** As Shell-Shock took aim the three barrels in his left arm began to glow bright red. **"Fire."** Suddenly a hell-mary of blaster bolts erupted from the SG-4 Blaster Rifle built into his arm. All of them were aimed at the rodian.
Not waiting for the results of his attack Shell-Shock quickly made his way over behind one of the shields. He was not moving as quickly as he had when the match first started. The massive attack had drained him of a good part of his power and now he needed to recover.

***11*** <- [11] 1d20

-1
(10)
Damage

***28*** <- [4, 7, 6, 2, 4, 5] 6d8

(28)
((OOC: using Weapons Power Surge and Holowan Mechanicals Droid trait as a free action to bump weapon damage up by three dice. Now -2 on CT. Swift to switch SG-4 Blaster Rifle to auto fire. Targeting a 2x2 box with the rodian in any one of those squares. Move action to move four squares so shell is behind the shield in the square closer to the outside of the ring))

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2011-03-16 10:33:02)

Shell-Shock's auto-fire peppers the area around the Rodian, drawing chitterings of pain and quick steps from the alien. The Rodian rushes forward, mirroring Shell-Shock's movements, squeezing off a shot of his own, which impacts the shield in front of Shell-Shock harmlessly.
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

SS Attack 10 VS Ref ? Miss, half damage.
Rodian Attack
***14*** <- [14] 1d20
***17*** <- [2, 7, 8] 3d8
+? VS Ref 19 (+5 cover, -2 Condition) Miss!

</details>

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Vash** (2011-03-30 16:16:30)

Shell-shock's vision went blurry for a moment as he heard the bolt hit the shield he was recovering behind. Warnings started scroll across his vision *Warning power levels low. Targeting system recalibrating. Defense program rebooting.* As the warnings continued Shell-Shock allowed his systems to reboot. He quickly glanced around to see the the rodian had hid behind a shield as well. He had no idea if his tactic had worked or not, but he did not care. Now he was planing he next move. He knew in his current state he would have very little chance of hitting the rodian. As he waited for his systems to return to 100% he simply watched the rodian.
(3 swifts to go up one on the CT)

---

## Re: 01110010 01100101 01110110 01101111 01101100 01110100

### **Magical2099** (2011-04-01 15:45:18)

As Shell-Shock's system reinitialize the wounded Rodian maneuvers for a better position, breaking from his shield and moving behind one of the odd statues. The statues are off some form of raptor, some bird of prey, done in ferrocrete. An organic might have found them impressive or even beautiful in a frightening way, but Shell-Shock's photo-receptors only find the nozzle of the blaster sticking out from around its claws. The hurried shot misses by a wide margin, and the crowd boos the Rodian's lackluster performance thus far...
<details><summary>Spoiler</summary>

You are now only one step down.
Rodian Attack +?
***7*** <- [7] 1d20
***15*** <- [3, 6, 6] 3d8
+1
VS Ref 18 + 5 (cover) = 23 Miss!

</details>



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:04 EDT*</span>