# Whill

### **DarthAnthrax** (2008-05-28 17:29:59)

Taken directly from my campaign, Alicia and the other players knows what this beast can be like...and they have only met the younger ones.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">**Young Whill CL 3**</span>
Large Beast 4
Init: +3 Senses: +3
Defenses: Ref 15(14 flat-footed), Fort 16, Will 11
Hp: 24+3d8 Treshold: 21
===================================================
Speed: 6 squares
*Slam +11 (1d6+10) or
Slam +15 (1d6+12) with Charge
Bite +11 (1d8+10)
Claw +11 (1d6+10)*
Base Attack: +3 Grapple: +11
Attck Options: Powerful Charge
Special Actions: None
===================================================
Strength: 26 Dexterity: 12 Constitution: 23
Intelligence: 2 Wisdom: 13 Charisma: 6
Feats: Skill Training(Endurance), Powerful Charge
Skills: Jump +15, Endurance +13
Young Whills are quite singleminded, and pretty much only interested in food. They are predators, found typically in jungle environments, and they prey on weaker species, including any sentient beings that wanders into their territories. They have no real notion of fear, and may very well stay and fight until the death, even when faced with overwhelming odds. When in combat, they usually uses their physical might to their advantage, charging recklessly at the closest opponent, or the one inflicting the most pain in it.
<span style="font-size: 1.50em;">**Adult Whill CL 7** </span>
Large Beast 8
Init: +5 Senses: +5
Defenses: Ref 15(14 flat-footed), Fort 17, Will 11
Hp: 56+7d8 Treshold: 22
===================================================
Speed: 6 squares
*Slam +14 (1d6+10) or
Slam +18 (1d6+12) with Charge
Bite +14 (1d8+10)
Claw +14 (1d6+10)*
Base Attack: +6 Grapple: +14
Attck Options: Powerful Charge, Whill Poison
Special Actions: None
===================================================
Strength: 26 Dexterity: 12 Constitution: 24
Intelligence: 2 Wisdom: 13 Charisma: 6
Feats: Skill Training(Endurance, Survival), Powerful Charge
Skills: Jump +17, Endurance +16, Survival +10
An adult Whill has a pair of small gland located in its jaws, that emits a powerfully debilitating toxin. Whenever it makes a bite attack, it may spend a swift action first to coat its fangs with this venom, and a successful attack will inject the poison into an opponent.
**Whill Poison**: Every round, this poison attacks (1d20+15 against Fortitude Defense). On a success, the victim takes 4d6 damage, and 2 points of damage to either of his physical stats. On a failed attack, he takes half damage, and no attribute damage. The attribute damage remains untill he recevies treatment for the poison, and then it returns at the rate of 1 per hour.
These adult beasts have matured a bit more, and are more skilled predators than their younger kin. Rather than stalking the jungles in search for prey, they are quite skilled at tracking their preys. While their physical capacities have increased, their psyche stays pretty much the same, and their behavior differs only marginally from the younger beasts. They have also developed a unique toxin, that breaks down the muscular structure of a victim, making a prey easier to catch. This toxin is sometimes gathered to be used as a wepon or interrogation tool, however the price for doing so is pretty harsh, since once the beast dies, the galnds in their jaws stops producing the toxin.
So, what do you people think?

---

## Re: Creature Selection List

### **Frost** (2008-05-29 13:11:32)

It seems a little over powered for a CR 3 creature. Can it use all its attacks every round? cause if it can it will on average he would most likely kill a 3rd lvl character in one or two rounds.

---

## Re: Creature Selection List

### **DarthAnthrax** (2008-05-29 13:42:35)

It is the massive strength that does it, and I didn´t reallt find any guidelines on how to choose starting scores, so i gave it a 18 Str and 15 Con as starting stats. But I´ve been comparing it to the other beasts in the book, and its stats might be a little high.
Beasts can use all their natural weapons as a full attack action.
However, the 1st level players in my game managed to deal with it (the Noble had to spend a FP to live, since she had the misfortune of getting struck by its initial charge) pretty well. It is a dangerous beast, and a character isn´t really supposed to fight it one-on-one (unless high level), but rather in a team, and using tactics. But Soldiers, Jedi and Scouts should be able to stand for a few hits at 3rd level. And its defenses and Hp aren´t really that spectacular.

---

## Re: Creature Selection List

### **ganthet** (2008-05-30 01:28:21)

Yes these things are nasty. We bearly walked away on that one. We defeated one and then had to run from another because The soldiers didn't know if we could handle another.

---

### **Rowen** (2008-05-30 10:17:50)

Made a separate post for this creature. The Creature selection list is really only for listing the names of creatures you would like to add to the Kalium Galaxy. Individual threads (like this one) can be made for new, player made creatures that you would like to show before posting there name in the Selection list to be reviewed for addition to the galaxy.
Sounds like a really nasty creature btw! Would definitely make a good group encounter.

---

### **DarthAnthrax** (2008-05-30 10:53:45)

Ah, thanks for fixing that. I wasn´t sure how you wanted it to be, but now I know, and can keep that in mind for future posts.



<span style="font-size: 0.5em;">***Last Modified**: 4.0.28 - *2025-06-02 21:37:21 EDT*</span>